That's why we should not listen to chalga:
When discussing Bulgarian music, one must also mention chalga, which, although not really music, is the most popular musical genre in the country. It could be described as soft porn with vocal accompaniment, since the performers are mostly women, consisting of more silicone than flesh, and some gay men, consisting of more hair gel than body hair. Being gay is a plus, being a gypsy is a plus, and being a gay gypsy can guarantee you immediate success. For a female, having extremely large fake breasts is absolutely all that's needed to become a Chalga super star.
In short, chalga is the ultimate proof of Bulgarians' inherent masochism.
The more extreme variations of Chalga (Turbo Folk, Turko Chalga, Kyuchek) performed by gypsies, are to Bulgaria what gangsta nigga-tzigga rap is to the USA. Entertainment for people with the brain of a teletubby, or medical treatment for the clinically deaf. In short it's the Bulgarian equivalent to manele.
Turko chalga performers all tend to wear silken reddish (olive greenish) suits made in China, towelly socks, mullet haircuts and "knitten" shoes made in Greece and costing up to 3 euros per kilogram.
Usually each "kyuchek" song starts by a short introduction in Turkish or Gypsy language, briefly describing the beauties of a girl with large breasts and of unknown parents. The intro is followed by a melodic tune,pouring out all of the misery poverty, helplessness, hate, disappointment, hunger, thirst, inflammation, and craving for rakia, which extends to more than 6-7 minutes, interrupted only by the occasional sound of a broken bottle/window, dog barks, and fluent swearing.
Such music can only be consumed along with several kilograms of alcohol.
Chalga is actually the most powerful media in the Bulgarian Empire, it can be felt at its best at 'clubs' such as Planeta and Chas Pik (Rush Hour). In the latter, it seems like there is a special show each Saturday with lots of girls dressed in Buckhingam Palace guard uniforms; the female soldiers march waving the Chas Pik flags and then take off their uniforms while dancing kuchek. The ultimate power of the Bulgarian Empire is focused in the hands of the exalted crowd gathered around the female soldiers, their hands holding their cool camera cell phones, decorated to capture the greatness of the Bulgarian Empire with the means of latest technology. With great chalga influence, Bulgarians developed their own special style. This style is called "nejen feshan". Most nejen feshans deny what they are but still try to look as ridiculous as possible. Being a nejen feshan involves the males to get into from an early age begin to wear: jeans that are so tight that their small penises are protruding, shirts that are 10 sizes small and the sleeves (if there are any) fit like they do on a little girl, they also love to gel up their hair so much that it resembles a pointy triangle or an apartment building, they never take off their shades (indoors or outdoors) which have a 7:1 size ratio with the eyes, and last but not least, they wear other accessories, for example, an earring worn only on the left ear, some cheep necklaces with beads they find on the ground or steal from homeless people, and not to forget the most important element, a bandanna in the color of pink, yellow, or lime green. A habit this kind of people always have are taking pictures of themselves at least 19 times a day and posting them on a social networking sites.